hi - Hello! How can I help you today?
hello - Hello! How can I help you today?
uni - You can contact the admissions office by phone at +7 (495) 123-45-67 or by email at admission@university.ru.
courses - Our university offers a wide range of courses. Details can be found on our website under 'Courses' section.
pay - Information about scholarships is available in the 'Scholarships' section on our website.
help - Please, ask me about ssomething you are interested in and I try my best to give you an answer.
bot - The bot is working!))
mail - You can send an email with your question to the official Unified Dean's Office mail 'EDmail.com'.
call - If you have any questions or encounter difficulties, you can call the official number of the Unified Dean's Office at +7 (495) 76-54-321.
stipendiya - In our uinvercity we pay our students for high marks. Try your best!
salary_theachers - Out teahcers salary you can know on our website in the 'For theachers' section.
job - If you want to work in the UTMN, please call +7 (495) 123-45-67 or come to our office on Lenina 23.
career - In UTMN you have big chances to have a great career in different subjects.
online- If you want to have an online studing in UTMN, you can read the information on our website in the 'Online studing' section.
bachelor - If you are a pupil and want to study in th UTMN. You can read the information on our website in the 'For abituryents' section.
UTMN - UTMN is the best university in whole all over the World.
headquaters - Our principal is Romanchuk. He is the profecional. You can contact our principal by phone at +7 (495) 111-11-11.
buildings - UTMN has many buildings, where all students can learn.
movements - During your studying you can take part in some student's movement if you want.
modeus - Modeus is a UTMN's system for student? which help you always to know your shedule.
foreign- UTMN has a lot of foreign partners all over the world.
exam - You can find entrance exams for admission on our website.
diplom - After graduation in UTMN, you will be able to receive a diplom in your field of study.
certification - UTMN can provide you a certificate of English speaking level.
academic leave - You can take an academic leave if you need to stop studying in the UTMn for half a year.
education - Usually education in the UTMN longs for 4-5 years.
master’s degree - After achiving a bachelor’s degree you can get a master’s degree.
specialist - Specialist degree is the highest level of education that you can get.
military - If you want to have a military ticket without going in the army, you can study in the UTMN's military department.
dormitory - You can send the documents for the domitory on our website.
